17 update readme (#25)
MaibornWolff/cloud-landscape: README.md

# Cloud Landscape

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/MaibornWolff/cloud-landscape.svg?branch=V2)](https://travis-ci.com/MaibornWolff/cloud-landscape)
[![Code Style: Google](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-google-blueviolet.svg)](https://github.com/google/gts)

> Cloud Landscape - [Online demo](http://cloudlandscape.info/landscape/)
>
> Made with ❤️ by the [MaibornWolff ](https://www.maibornwolff.de) DevOps & Cloud Native team.

## Jump to Section

- [What is Cloud Landscape](#What-is-cloud-landscape)
- [Getting started](#Getting-started)
- [Using your own data](#Using-your-own-data)
- [Further dependencies](#Further-dependencies)
- [Used libraries](#Used-libraries)
- [License](#License)

## What is Cloud Landscape

> Cloud Landscape is a web-based visualization tool. It was initially designed to visualize the set of cloud services provided by Microsoft (Azure), Amazon (AWS) and Google (GCP). This project includes the respective database for demonstration purposes. Our Cloud Landscape tool also provides a basic search functionality for the items in your database as well as the possibility to show connections between items. In the context of cloud services these connections represent service dependencies for different scenarios.

Reviewer: Are we going to implement the dependency connections in the near future? If not, I would suggest not mentioning them for now.

Author: I don't think so - and if we can easily update the readme - I will remove them

## Getting started

### Installation

In order to run the tool with our hosted database provided, you only need to start up the front-end application localy. This can be achieved with the follow steps:

- Download or clone the repo `git clone https://github.com/MaibornWolff/cloud-landscape.git`
- change location `cd cloud-landscape/`
- install dependencies `npm install`
- run dev-server with `npm start`
- access the UI over `localhost:3000/`

### Installation

To build the front-end application for production, follow the steps below:

- build for production with `npm build`
- change location `cd dist/`

### Functionality overview

At the top of the page you will find the search input. The search runs using the logical “AND” so an item has to match all of the entered keywords. In order to zoom the contents of the page use the zoom buttons to the left of the search bar. You can either zoom everything (left toolbox) or only the text (right toolbox). Press the button between the two toolboxes to reset the zoom.

![Cloud Landscape](./docs/screenshots/landscapeView.png)
![Cloud Landscape Filter](./docs/screenshots/filter.png)

> If you click on any of the icons the page will show the detailed view of the selectedservice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you click on any of the icons the page will show the detailed view of the selected service.
```

![Cloud Landscape Detail View](./docs/screenshots/detailView.png)

## Using your own data

> In order to you use your own data source (preferable a none-SQL Database), each document in your database must be structured as follows. In the provided example these are the cloud service providers (e.g. Amazon) and the actual cloud service category (e.g. “Storage”). Every entry must match the following JSON format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to you use your own data source (preferable a non SQL Database), each document in your database must be structured as follows. In the provided example these are the cloud service providers (e.g. Amazon) and the actual cloud service category (e.g. “Storage”). Every entry must match the following JSON format:
```
